ssh [user@]server
    Starts a (s)ecure (sh)ell session with a remote server.
    This is in essence a terminal running on it, with most of the same capabilities.

sftp [user@]server
    Starts a file transfer session with a remote server via SSH, much like FTP.
    This can be used to easily copy files to and from zid-gpl.

exit
    Exits from any local or remote terminal session.

pwd
    Returns the (p)resent (w)orking (d)irectory, i.e. where on the file system we currently are.

ls [path]
    Lists the file or directory in the specified path, or . if none specified.
    May be used with -l, -a, -h or other parameters to display more detailed information.
    Important to note: . and .. always exist, pointing to the current and parent directory, respectively.

cd [path]
    (C)hanges the working (d)irectory to an absolute or relative path specified.
    Stays in . if none specified.

touch path
    Creates an empty file in the specified location, or updates its modification time if it already exists.
    Can also be used to arbitrarily change creation or modification times.

mkdir [path/]dirname
    (M)a(k)es a new (dir)ectory in the specified location if it does not exist.

cp path1 path2
    (C)o(p)ies a file or directory located at path1 to path2.
    If path2 is a directory, the file at path1 will be copied into it.
    Will not copy directory contents unless -r or -R is specified.

mv path1 path2
    (M)o(v)es a file or directory located at path1 to path2.

rm path
    (R)e(m)oves a file located at the given path.
    Will not remove directories unless -r is specified.

rmdir path
    (R)e(m)oves a non-empty directory located at the given path.

man
    A (man)ual built into Linux and other Unix/Unix-like operating systems.
    
    == Summary of some pages, I guess? ==
    intro
        Explains the basics of working with a Linux terminal shell.

    man-pages
        Explains the structure conventions used by man pages.
        Man pages are divided into several different sections, e.g.:
            1 for interactive user commands
            2 and 3 for library calls that may be used by programmers
            5 for file formats

        These sections may be specified between man and the page name,
        useful if a piece of software offers documentation in multiple sections.

        E.g. "man printf" will show documentation for the user-facing "printf" command
        that may be typed into the shell, while "man 3 printf" will show documentation
        for the printf() function provided by the C standard library.

    file-hierarchy
        Explains the general structure of the Linux file system.

apropos
    Performs a search through the manpage catalog.

info
    An alternative to "traditional" manpage documentation, supports basic hyperlinking among other things.
    May or may not contain more/better information for a given piece of software.

help
    Quick reference for the shell's built-in keywords, e.g. cd.
